Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max, 6.7", 5G, SIM Free, 256GB, Silver
Product code: 83303307

The iPhone 12 Pro Max has been designed with less bezel, yet a larger Super Retina XDR display, an even more powerful processor, and the ability to utilise 5G technology to provide a super-fast online experience – all encased in stylish, surgical-grade, stainless steel. The next generation iPhone has arrived.

5G enabled
Get ready for the next generation of mobile internet and experience incredible download speeds, or play games without the fear of lag. Please contact your mobile service provider regarding the 5G options currently available to you.

HDR Display
With help from HDR technology, the Super Retina XDR, OLED display will provide crisp images, no matter if you’re reading your favourite websites, playing games or shooting high-resolution video, whilst the fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating will help keep your phone looking glamorous.

A14 Bionic chip
Thanks to its clever design, the powerful A14 Bionic chip boosts performance while saving energy, so you’ll receive a faster performance, but without the battery hit.

When shooting high-quality video, the A14 will provide improved detail, thanks to advanced temporal noise reduction on the new Image Signal Processor. You’ll also benefit with Dolby Vision that’s actually encoded as you shoot.

Sharper pictures
Your selfies are taken care of with the front facing 12MP lens, whilst the rear triple 12MP ultra wide, wide, and telephoto cameras enable you to get everyone in shot.

Delivering up to 6x faster autofocus in low light, LiDAR technology makes Night mode portraits possible in both the iPhone 12 Pro Max’s Wide and Ultra Wide cameras. Additionally, the Wide camera lets in 27 percent more light, for greater detail and sharper focus day or night.

Designed for living
This iPhone is rated IP68 for water resistance, so there’s no need to worry if you’re caught in a rain shower. We don’t recommend taking a dip with this device, however.

Wireless charging
If you own a MagSafe or Qi wireless charging pad (sold separately) you can enjoy effortless powering up – just connect or place your iPhone 12 Pro Max on to the pad as usual to commence.

Please be aware: Apple do not provide wall (plug) chargers or wired EarPods with this device.

What is SIM free?
You'll receive the iPhone without having to commit to any network, leaving you free to decide which SIM card to use in the device. This gives you the opportunity to find the most suitable plan, whether that’s contract or pay-as-you-go, throughout the lifetime of the phone. You also have the option to add a foreign SIM card, so you can use the device overseas.

Additional information: manufacturers often update their Operating System (OS) software over the course of a device’s lifespan – this means that your product might ship with a more advanced OS than specified.

---
